Introduce docs for arrays on env vars (#706)
lightbend/config: README.md

i.e. The environment variable `CONFIG_FORCE_a_b__c___d` set the
configuration key `a.b-c_d`

### Set array values from env variables

> Setting the value of array items from environment variables requires

Reviewer: You mean a system property, not environment variables, right, from the example you give at the end?

Author: You're right, I fixed one occurrence but not the other.

Author: raised #710

specifing the index in the array for the value. So, while in HOCON 
you can set multiple values into an array or append to an array:

    ## HOCON
    items = ["a", "b"]
    items += "c"

> using java arguments you specify the exact position:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using java arguments you specify the exact position:
```

> using environment variables you specify the exact position:

Author: ```suggestion
using java arguments you specify the exact position:
```
